Update schedule-owner-for-shift-management.md (#12246)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/frontline/schedule-owner-for-shift-management.md

- [Grant-CsTeamsShiftsPolicy](/powershell/module/teams/grant-csteamsshiftspolicy?view=teams-ps)
- [Remove-CsTeamsShiftsPolicy](/powershell/module/teams/remove-csteamsshiftspolicy?view=teams-ps)

> You need to conntect to [Microsoft Teams PowerShell](/powershell/module/teams/connect-microsoftteams)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you need to be connected to [Microsoft Teams PowerShell](/powershell/module/teams/connect-microsoftteams).

```
